Document max_token_header_size TCP listener configuration option (VAULT-43023) (#2882)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/docs/updates/important-changes.mdx

| Change       | Affected version | Vault edition
| ------------ | ---------------- | -------------

> | Breaking     | 2.1.0+           | All

Reviewer: Why are we changing this number to an unreleased version of Vault?

Author: Thanks for caching this! I accidentally changed the table for affected version.

keys](/vault/docs/license#ibm-passport-advantage-online-license-keys) for more
information.

### Token header size limit for authentication headers ((#max-token-header-size))

| Change       | Affected version | Vault edition
| ------------ | ---------------- | -------------

> | New behavior | 2.1.0+           | Enterprise

Reviewer 2: I think the affected version for this is technically 2.0.0+, since the option went out in 2.0.0: https://github.com/hashicorp/vault-enterprise/pull/12749

And for that matter we may want to switch the base branch for this PR to `main` instead of staging it for the 2.1.0 release.

information.

### Token header size limit for authentication headers ((#max-token-header-size))

| Change       | Affected version | Vault edition
| ------------ | ---------------- | -------------
| New behavior | 2.1.0+           | Enterprise

Vault now enforces a configurable maximum size limit on the `X-Vault-Token` and
`Authorization: Bearer` headers. The default limit is **8 KB (8192 bytes)**,
which is well above the size of any current opaque Vault token.

Requests whose authentication token header exceeds the limit receive an HTTP
`431 (Request Header Fields Too Large)` response before token validation occurs.

The new limit does not affect existing deployments that only use opaque Vault
tokens. The limit becomes customer-visible in deployments that use [External JWT
Tokens](/vault/docs/auth/jwt), especially tokens with rich `authorization_details` claims,
can be significantly larger than opaque tokens.

#### Recommendation

No action is required for standard deployments. If you use enterprise JWT tokens
or OIDC tokens with large `authorization_details` payloads, evaluate your largest
token sizes and raise `max_token_header_size` in your listener configuration

> before or at External JWT Token GA:

Reviewer 2: I suspect "External JWT Token GA" isn't going to mean much to most customers, maybe just leave that off since the affected version is at the start of this section?

```suggestion
token sizes and raise `max_token_header_size` in your listener configuration:
```

Author: Thanks for catching this. I should tighten up the customer facing tone here.

keys](/vault/docs/license#ibm-passport-advantage-online-license-keys) for more
information.

### Token header size limit for authentication headers ((#max-token-header-size))

| Change       | Affected version | Vault edition
| ------------ | ---------------- | -------------

> | New behavior | 2.0.0+           | Enterprise

Reviewer: How is this new 2.0.0+ behavior if we're not adding it until 2.1?

Author: Great catch! Updated to 2.1.0 as intended. Thanks!

Vault now enforces a configurable maximum size limit on the `X-Vault-Token` and
`Authorization: Bearer` headers. The default limit is **8 KB (8192 bytes)**,
which is well above the size of any current opaque Vault token.

Requests whose authentication token header exceeds the limit receive an HTTP
`431 (Request Header Fields Too Large)` response before token validation occurs.

> **This change has no impact on existing deployments** that use only opaque Vault

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new limit does not affect existing deployments that only use opaque Vault
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, avoid using bold for emphasis

tokens. The limit becomes customer-visible when [External JWT
Tokens](/vault/docs/auth/jwt) are in use, because JWT tokens (especially those
with rich `authorization_details` claims) can be significantly larger than opaque

> tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tokens. The limit becomes customer-visible in deployments that use [External JWT
Tokens](/vault/docs/auth/jwt), especially tokens with rich `authorization_details` claims,
can be significantly larger than opaque tokens.
```
Style correction: write in active voice
